# GPT Use Cases

## Overview

Welcome to the **GPT Use Cases** repository! 

This repository is dedicated to showcasing detailed examples of use-cases for Generative Pre-trained Transformers (GPTs), including but not limited to ChatGPT. 

The quirky feature? The use-case descriptions themselves were generated by ChatGPT!

The goal of this repository is to provide a comprehensive collection of examples to demonstrate the versatile applications of GPTs across various domains. While the configuration is biased towards ideating professional use-cases, "personal" use-cases can be readily generated by prompting appropriately.

A section in the outputs called `Future Development Roadmap` aims to solicit some "thinking" from the model about how these use-cases may be expected to evolve and mature as time goes on and the technology underlying GPTs and LLMs gets progressively better. 

Although my intention in writing the configuration text was to use GPT to ideate some interesting use-case ideas, as I added more sections to the configuration, the outputs began to resemble templates for GPT-related businesses. 

My focus remains on finding ways to prompt the model to generate some interesting and comprehensive thoughts about potential use-cases, although there may be an idea or two worth looking into for any budding entrepeneurs who have stumbled upon this repository.

---

## Repository Contents

### Prompt Outputs

At the time of writing, the prompt outputs are saved as Markdown files (`.md`).

These can be downloaded and read in any Markdown reader. 

Or if you'd like to read them elsewhere, feel free to convert them into whatever format you like best. You could use a [Markdown to Rich Text Convert](https://mconverter.eu/convert/markdown/rtf/) or copy-and-paste the outputs into one.

### Prompt Sections

The various headers used are outlined in `outputsections.md`.

These are subject to change (as I think of sections I would like to add to outputs and those I'd like to remove from previous ones).

Retired/deprecated output sections will be preserved in `Archive`.

### Custom GPT Configuration File

You can see the configuration used to generate these responses which I plan on updating from time to time.

It's in:

`GPT_Config` 

and the iterative versions are ordered sequentially, numerically.

The configuration is in `JSON`. 

### Folder Organisation

To try to keep simlilar outputs together, the outputs may be grouped into folders. 

Given that there's a relatively sharp distinction between personal and professional use-cases for GPTs, I sometimes use folders called `work` or `professional` and `personal` to keep these two sections separate.

Outputs are nested under a parent folder called `Outputs`.

The eventual file structure will be something like this:

```
Outputs
- Subject
-- Use Case Description
```

###  Warning!

The responses are GPT generated and for the most part are not edited/preserved. 

Expect some inaccuracies although for the most part the outputs are quite well structured.
 
 ## Author
 
 Daniel Rosehill  
 (public at danielrosehill dot com)
 
 ## Licensing
 
 All my GitHub repositories are licensed under [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
 
 ### Summary of the License
 The Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0) license allows others to:
 - **Share**: Copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format.
 - **Adapt**: Remix, transform, and build upon the material for any purpose, even commercially.
 
 The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.
 
 #### License Terms
 - **Attribution**: You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
 - **No additional restrictions**: You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.
 
 For the full legal code, please visit the [Creative Commons website](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode).